attention the following video is going
to totally kick ass if you enjoy any of
it and/or have a large penis please
click the like button below enjoy was
all I needed was all I needed to know
[Music]
fucking do this
it's fucking sexy basketballs
speaking the bow you're gonna see four
on the fucking the rotors what the fuck
its be the spinning it's my friend
[Music]
because compliment the cheese oh hey we
can't make a fun of the you and your
pizza's selection because shadow takes
the cake when it comes to that category
he doesn't even like crusts on his pizza
so when we ordered it in Boston it was
like the most complicated thing ever
because of shadow I was wanting extra
cheese the most complicated thing and it
wasn't the only thing that I don't
really like but can I have a pizza
without the crust please what you know
shadows like hesitations sigh and then
like 20 seconds later he says something
but he did that it's funny cuz we're
gonna be over month we're gonna bring up
pizza I was just gonna be like fuck you
and walk out I fuckin love mushroom
pizza dude I'm just saying you're a
faggot if you don't like taco pizza
that's all I'm sayin
think I would make fuckin people I don't
like tomatoes unless they are my family
I don't if you know this sign arms but
the way pizza works is if you don't want
a topping hey I don't want that poppin
none of that like can I have a pizza
without crust please
[Music]
now you're chillin
be